Okay, so we're in our final step here
step four of Updating the Spring Data REST Configs.
So we have our REST APIs in place
but we want to make sure that these REST APIs are read only
because in this scenario, there's no need for us
to make any modifications to the countries or states
because that's referenced data.
We don't want to modify that via the REST API.
So we'll use a similar approach that we used earlier
as far as kind of locking down the REST APIs
and we'll do that work here in our MyDataRestConfig class.
Already so let's expand this window here
and scroll to the top so at this moment
we should be in MyDataRestConfig
and in the method configureRepositoryRestConfiguration
that's where we disable HTTP methods for the product
and also for the product category.
Now, one thing about it here is that
you'll notice that this is duplicate code.
There's only really one thing here that's different,
everything else is the same.
So, we'll actually kind of take the duplicate code
and we'll refactor it into a reusable method.
So let me zoom in here.
So the only thing that's different in these code blocks here
is the line for domain type
and then we have product dot class and below we have
for domain type product category dot class.
Other than that, everything is the same
so we'll simply pass in the class as a parameter.
So first off, let's go ahead and grab
this section of code here and let's refactor it
and extract it as a method.
So I'll choose as Refactor here and I'll say Extract Method
and now I can give the name of the new method
that they're going to extract here so I'll call it
disableHttpMethods and I'll keep all the other defaults here
and I'll hit Refactor.
So notice here on line 40,
they have a method call for disableHttpMethods
and that's for the method that was just created here
at the bottom, so that's that refactor method
that the IDE created.
We still need to do one small change here
so we need to add a new method parameter pass in the class
because right now we still have product category
kind of hard coded inside of this method
and we want to pass this in as a parameter.
So I'll actually just take this little section here
for product category dot class and I'll just cut it
to a little cut paste exercise here.
So I'll just cut that and then I'll paste it up here
so I'll pass it in as a parameter value.
So product category dot class config unsupportive actions
okay, that's fine
and then I'll move back down the line 48.
Now use, tell it to use the method parameter
that's passed in the class.
That's the one that we justified on line 46.
So now we're going to call this method
and we'll disable the methods therefore
that given entity type or class.
So let's do a similar thing up top here
so up top we have product class, the same code
so I'll just replace this code with our new methods.
So I'll just kind of grab this code and delete it really
and I'll just copy this method here and then paste it
and so I'll disable methods for product dot class
and also for product category.
So I'll just sort of fix here on the imports
and there we go, so that's the same code that we had before
it's just been refactored into a reusable method here.
So I like it, this is a bit cleaner
than the coding that we had before.
And now let's go ahead and copy these two lines
and then we'll do a similar thing here
for our other entities our new ones for country
and also for state.
Okay, great!
So now we're able to kind of lock down items here for country
and state by using that same functionality
that we already have in place.
All right, so good job.
So we've pretty much covered all the coding here
for the back-end, we're in good shape
and then the next set of videos,
we'll move into writing the code for the front-end.
So I'll see ya there.